I think--I think when it's all over, It just comes back in flashes, you know? It's like a kaleidoscope of memories. 
It just all comes back. 
But he never does. 
I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen. 
It's not really anything he said or anything he did, It was the feeling that came along with it. 
And the crazy thing is I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel that way again. 
But I don't know if I should. 
I knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright. 
But I just thought, how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you? Maybe he knew that when he saw me. 
I guess I just lost my balance. 
I think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him. 
It was losing me. 
Once upon a time a few mistakes ago I was in your sights, you got me alone You found me, you found me, you found me I guess you didn't care, and I guess I liked that And when I fell hard you took a step back Without me, without me, without me And he's long gone when he's next to me And I realize the blame is on me 
He'll never see you cry, Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why. 
You're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning. 
Now I heard you moved on from whispers on the street A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be And now I see, now I see, now I see He was long gone when he met me And I realize the joke is on me, yeah! I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down
It feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipsters And make fun of our exes, uh uh, uh uh. 
It feels like a perfect night for breakfast at midnight To fall in love with strangers, uh uh, uh uh. 
Yeah, We're happy, free, confused, and lonely at the same time It's miserable and magical. 
Oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the deadlines It's time Uh oh! I don't know about you But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh It seems like one of those nights, This place is too crowded. 
Too many cool kids, uh uh, uh uh (who's Taylor Swift anyway, ew?) It seems like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene and end up dreaming Instead of sleeping. 
Yeah, We're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way It's miserable and magical. 
Oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the heartbreaks It's time Uh oh! (hey!) I don't know about you But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright (alright) If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh (oh, oh, oh) 22, ooh-ooh I don't know about you 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh It feels like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene. 
It feels like one of those nights, We won't be sleeping. 
It feels like one of those nights, You look like bad news. 
I gotta have you, I gotta have you. 
Ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh, ye-e-e-e-eah, hey I don't know about you (I don't know about you) But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me (you don't know about me) But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah 22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah It feels like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene It feels like one of those nights, We won't be sleeping It feels like one of those nights, You look like bad news, I gotta have you, I gotta have you. 
I remember when we broke up the first time Saying, "This is it, I've had enough," 'cause like We hadn't seen each other in a month When you said you needed space. 
(What?) Then you come around again and say "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm gonna change, trust me."
 Remember how that lasted for a day? I say, "I hate you," we break up, you call me, "I love you."
 Ooh, we called it off again last night But ooh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling you We are never ever ever getting back together, We are never ever ever getting back together, You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never ever ever ever getting back together Like, ever..
 .

I'm really gonna miss you picking fights And me falling for it screaming that I'm right And you would hide away and find your peace of mind With some indie record that's much cooler than mine Ooh, you called me up again tonight But ooh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling you We are never, ever, ever getting back together We are never, ever, ever getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me) But we are never ever ever ever getting back together Ooh, yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah Oh oh oh I used to think that we were forever ever And I used to say, "Never say never..
so he calls me up and he's like, "I still love you," And I'm like..
I mean this is exhausting, you know, like, We are never getting back together. 
Like, ever" No! We are never ever ever getting back together We are never ever ever getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never ever ever ever getting back together We, ooh, getting back together, ohhh, We, ooh, getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me) But we are never ever ever ever getting back together I stay out too late Got nothing in my brain That's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm I go on too many dates [chuckle] But I can't make them stay At least that's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop moving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "It's gonna be alright."
 'Cause the players gonna play, 
 And the haters gonna hate
 Baby, I'm just gonna shake,
I shake it off, I shake it off 
Heart-breakers gonna break
And the fakers gonna fake
 My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like "Oh, my god!" but I'm just gonna shake. 
 You come and pick me up, no headlights Long drive, Could end in burning flames or paradise Fade into view, oh, it's been a while since I have even heard from you (heard from you) I should just tell you to leave 'cause I Know exactly where it leads but I Watch us go 'round and 'round each time You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style
So it goes He can't keep his wild eyes on the road Takes me home Lights are off, he's taking off his coat I say, "I heard, oh, that you've been out and about with some other girl, some other girl."
 He says, "What you've heard is true but I Can't stop thinking about you," and I..
 .

I said, "I've been there too a few times."
 'Cause you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style Take me home Just take me home, yeah. 
 Just take me home (out of style) You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style Walking through a crowd, the village is aglow Kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats Everybody here wanted something more Searching for a sound we hadn't heard before And it said Welcome to New York.
"lame duck congress?? oh I sorry, when did bird become the scapegoat?? Shouldn't we be blame the goats instead?" if I was presindent I wouldn't chew gum I don't have tooths today I seduction myself a samdich. 
I dance on sambwich and rub my essence and the lady left me to eat the sandwach because she's in love me "sceience so ""excited"" they land on commet?? Uhm today I land on a crumpet. 
Where's my space parade??" "If you maybe see a corm bread with legs making rapid egress from a bakery, please disregard. 
it is none of you concern."
 "i see you again didn't election bird for government, america. 
 that okay. 
i guess i just take this free cookie for everyone somewhere else."
 When I say ""all squirrel smelly liars and should be banish to the very farthest outerspace,"" it actually about ethic in game journalism" This halloweem I'm dress as a reeces peeces. 
 Then the childrens will put me amongst the candies unaware of my intentions. 
I have spooky story: one time there wasn't bread. 
No wait that too scary never mind turn the lights back on oh :( Uhm have America forgot about the bird flu already??? The NASA is eclipse sun into hugelargeous croissant. 
Finally science priority correctly. 
I nominate me to go to space now bye. 
If somebody (not me) swallow a corm kernel am I going explode when it hatches a popcorn? Hypothetic. 
"Dinosaurs have feathers??? Then why come a trex isn't my uncle, and I can't even eat a whole building?" "If global warming so ""science"" how come I'm not a polar bear?" I entirely the can of whipped cream. 
I regret. 
Today I try to knit a festive but I pearled my feets #HandWashOnlyDoNotTumbleDry I'm not offense by the team Orioles that a type of cookie right? I start a sport team called The Crackers because crackers are delicious. 
People should not be upset when I potty on you I am flattering you with my bottom. 
#LearnToTakeACompooment I eat too much candies I can't fit out the hatch. 
No childrens put down the bats no. 
I hiding inside a trojen pinata; lay in wait to ambush the party cakke oh there's candies here "wecome bak to scool instead of learn ""sceince"" learn bird fact such as did you know I'm can fly and you still can't?#breezeFeelSoGoodUpHere" i want the toast but it is startling :( i put butter on my feet for easy gliding human shouldn't allowed to adopt. 
they indoctrnat the childrens with homosapien propgenda. 
i will adopt some childs; teach them the birdway It labor day you know what that mean. 
Time for you to labor me a pancakes and maybe a nice fashion hat also. 
how to bak a cake: Step 1 get cake parts Step 2 bake the cak Step 3 put cake outside Step 4 turn away go away now go. 
This evening I got inside a starbacks but all the lights are off. 
They must be planning a surprise party for me. 
I can wait. 
"I sick of hearing about ""endanger"" species. 
Hello, I am in danger. 
Of possible getting stuck inside a prangle can."
 No. 
 I meant for muffin wrapper be stuck to my bottom. 
Hello it called fashion. 
Dear pillsberry doughman: i invite you have interview with me. 
In private. 
Bring syrup. 
I like to marvel upon my reflection in a jello. 
and then eat it. 
Uh Canada gooses go to US becas it too cold to survivable? Why not think of that BEFORE they be born in Canadan? If that even a real country "Activity for the childrens: drop your ice cram cone on the ground and leave. 
When you return, it magic disappeared! #objectImpermanence" DEAR NASA: I could be an astronaut. 
I can already eat peanutbutta upsidedown. 
It is the summatime; I float on a donut in a pool of lemonade. 
Uh oh i eat too much donut LIFEGUARD HELP "If you love a pastry, set it free. 
Then I eat it."
 "When you insult me, I present my bottoms. 
 As the bibble say, I turn the other cheek."
 "If corporations are people, and I incorporate bread (into myself) then aren't I a people? #timeToBuyPants" "If I sit on a sandwich, my eminent domain go all the way down to the bottom of the sanwich. 
 And any further samdwich underneaf."
 UH OH THE SKY IS EXPLODE HELP #FAAail happy bday america I got you a cake but I ate it you welcome. 
 I paint myself red and put a strawberry leaf hat on. 
Now I await a shortcake place under my bottom. 
"there more than one way to skin a cat, so you should try out all of them."
 I disguise as a betiful bride and sit on top of a weddin cake. 
 do i take these frostings to be my dinner? I do. 
#INowPronounceMeFed I not condemning the 'people' lifestyle. 
i just saying that if I had people genes I would DECISION not to wear them #peopleConversionTherapy Uhm instead of ""must be this tall to ride"" it is ""must be this PATRIOT to ride AMERICA""" "if squirrel so ""intelligence,"" how come I the one who have my cookie????" How come there no underpant in MY size??? Don't complain when you see my nackid body. 
"Advicetip to gradulates: congrandulation, now you can spread your wings and soarOH WAIT I SORRY YOU CAN'T. 
Arms not so fancy now are they???" """""glueten free"""" is affront to MY LIBERTY. 
what next, they take away every cakes????? Sorry but NO THANK YOU. 
#FreedomOfWheat" Why I shouldn't get more than once vote? My opinion is the most fancy, I should have three vote. 
Four. 
I have five vote."
 i have a dream to be immortalize in a very big block of cheese. 
 #MountRushOneMore #MoveOverMisterJeffeson i would like to sled on a potata chip down a mountains of puddin You notice how bagel have a hole in them? But where is the extra bagel go????? WAK UP AMERICA. 
#GovormentBaggelConspiracy My ice cram cone melt before I have it all. 
THANKS GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS. 
#scienceKills(icecram) Hello youth: I am a cool one just like you I wear a backward hat. 
Choose bird not drug. 
Skateboards. 
"Dear medical: what if instead of ""doctor"" and ""obamahealth"" we have breadicine? #iHaveCuredScience" I should be the head of things. 
Just because squirrel are the most dumb (it is a science fact) does not make me the bingot. 
Maybe you are the real bigotry against TRUTH???? "Hello scienceists. 
If evolution so """"great"""", bread could Darwin a legs to run from me a bird. 
But it not it in my stomach."
 "If I'm not meant to eat all of the pastry, why I have a beak?????" One day I'm going to be as big as the town #aspirantions Contest: who is best at me? I win. 
 I wear a leaf for enhance my beauties. 
"When I sit in middle of a pizza, I am the sun and pepperoni my moons."
 I'm my own in charge. 
 "when I reflect in a mirror, I'm fall in love all over again with me" I so pretty I need no pants if i rule this place. 
i just have the most cake and a very big hat for life. 
If Georg Washington was alive today he would probably be a bird. 
TEACH THE CONTROVERSE. 
I'm going to go into pie and eat from insides out of. 
Today day a squirrel let I take one of a nut. 
I'm feel confuse inside. 
I'd entire a biscuit if my face big enough. 
I watch a squirrels fall off a bird feedfers. 
I watch it all day. 
when I walk faster on sidewalk I not scared of a human. 
I just to show off my athleteic strides what. 
A marry between a man and woman people sloppery slop;then what is prevent a bird from marriage my sandwich??? I'm in love my samdich. 
I had dream that I was bread I'm feel conflict. 
Dear dr. 
Government Obama: if science real, how come no giant corn? #checkmat" When I eat many candy it a hurt that I'm pride in. 
I sit under an ice cram dispense. 
i wait I to be a maginstrate wear pretty wig and bang gravel. 
100 jail for all squirrel. 
jolly rancher stuck to my bottom Hapy prensidtent day when is bird president? i can drink coffee it coffee for drink coffee i can handle coofee coffee to drink coffee yes good everything under control cofeen is yes yes it difficult choose what end hotdag to start at. 
#LifesGreatDecesions "I am my own valentime, but I could share me if you wanted to" I can wear a sandwich I went to batroom sat under hand dryer but too much blow :( "When I have invested in eating a pail of corn, I am not to be disturbed for an fortnight."
 Head stuckin botle. 
 Hep. 
"Dear proffeassors of science: excuse me I do not want the rain, make it fewer waters please."
 I paint myself white and disguise me as a whip cream. 
 Then I settle on a waffles and be warm and happy. 
#nonewillbetheweiser Bird being infromed that not allowed for compete olampics. 
Bird decide it time to #boycantOlempanc why boycott Sochi Olympical? Bird going to compete in luge. 
And be grand winner. 
I am not afraid of hack my password is bread very secreBUY PILL MEDICINES CHEAP!!! MUCH IMPROVEMENT TO LIFE. 
ONE SIMPLE TRICK FOR HEALTH. 
i will vehicularize this carton of once milk. 
i then will ride into the town and be fancy. 
I know it wrong to only eat the mallow in a lucky chams. 
But I do it anyway. 
Advice tip for people: 1 stick hand in glue 2 stick hand in feather 3 now you are like bird. 
Impress your friend. 
My beak is evolution to perfect fit a macaroni. 
Who is intelligence design now?!?!!! "If I was to be your mayor, I guarantee one (1) cheese its per capita."
 I able to butter toast with head but now I got butter on my head I have the right to arms. 
 So where are my arms :( "dear liberals: if stem cell research, why haven't science a giant bread? #BringOnTheControversyAndTheToastAlsoAsWell" I found a discard cheerio. 
I will accessorize with it #breakfashion I think a good movie cinema would be me So what if Darwin invent evolution. 
I invent breadpants. 
Happy Year I resolve to be even most better and do great. 
this time I can really do it I will be first bird governorment #birdforleader2012squirrel is just 6 letter away from COMMUNISM. 
#theyStealingOurNuts